


-----Original Message-----
From: John Lambert <anurean@aim.com>
To: kabeck@cybercom.mil <kabeck@cybercom.mil>
Sent: Sun, Feb 21, 2021 1:27 am
Subject: Algonquin Mohawk Voodoo

Hello,
My name is J.C. Lambert.
I am currently kidnapped and located on the West Coastline.
It's actually been a good time watching the child touchers from one home city get killed by the serial killers from another neighboring home city.
I recently entered a Publisher's Clearinghouse contest online.
We've been sort of reporting that folks have been killing folks and being rude and rowdy while under suspicion. You know, until the Queen of England is dead, until a distant cousin named Rees is Queen of Wales....
and until we have managed to sit down and drop entire litters of blonde jewish mohawk algonquin babies, enough to populate these abandoned cities that have had everyone driven screaming into Canada or that have high end apartment buildings filled with dead bodies. 

I really did not realize it was PCH until after I hit the "submit" button. 

I would like to report a corporate cheat that was sort of delivered through the human network in the 1980s.
That corporate cheat was pushed through my grandmother who felt really guilty that she threw away my junk mail after hearing that I had won a stupid little camera. 
Due to her having hounded someone to like high up on corporate...

I am not to enter another publisher's clearing house sweepstake nor is my grandmother or the person who was working for them at the time. 


Could you please call them and have them pull my name out of the hat?
How does one do that?



I know your face from somewhere.
You that one kid???

Nob Knoxter?
No it was somewhere else... Camdenton or somewhere.
Missouri...
The kid who would listen to country and have violent seizures or whatever.


The one not allowed to listen to no country music???
Like, cuz you would get depressed or violent or something or whatever. But he had siezures too...


Wow...
What you doing singing country?


Oh... shit....
Um...

I need to get ahold of my head hacker and tell to to drop the Voodoo.
I happen to know for a fact: that kid has gone the way of Dark Matter: he Joined the Military.... and is in my home dimension where everyone's car best be flat black. 


Then too: you all are another species
Truth be told... your kind all look the same to me.
It's late at night we are in the middle of the apocolypse, I am out of asprin, and I haven't touched drugs or alcohol since 1999.

He's one of the Ghosts at Saint Marie these days.
Saint Marie: it's an abandoned military base near Canada.

China dropped a weapon on us which is known to invert reality.
It sort of kills the fungus mushroom cloud what we grew when we dropped a hydrogen bomb.... and sucks people into a paralell dimension.


Speaking of which: I am going to go take some cocaine. 
It's being sold behind the counter in the corner store next to the Lotto Tickets. 
I should call that number... and the police....
You know to run a background check on whatever hooker I am hiring while paying for service via digital transfer.

When I was a child...
Everything we had we made by hand.
When I was a child...
The Model T was a classic paradoxal technology that was still being debated to be either a gift from Jesus or Satan: which needed to be studied.


Now I realize: that cars are made by Hermites....
Now I realize: that I am Tribally Human.... and that I have truly been moved interdimensionally.



So how's Nashville?
The nice Gypsy woman still there selling tarot card readings?
You know....
Next to the Hard Rock Café say 6PM to about midnight????
If you run into her: tell her the kid that gave her the goofy watch was alien abducted during the rapture and must be in heaven or something: cuz there are UFOs, cars that drive themselves, and they can even be any color you want. 












I'd rather be back with six feet of snow outside the door having to shovel a tunnel till the dogs can get inside.
