You know...
WE FUCKING GODDAMN HATE EVERYTHING IBM HAS UNLAWFULLY AND UNSOLICITEDLY USED MY NAME AND IDENTITY TO INVEST.

IBM...
We hate you.


IBM...
We want you to die.

IBM...
We demand payment.

IBM...
We demand respect

IBM...
We are going to murder your ass if you do not rebuild NYC and Manhattan Island exactly as it looked in 1888.


-----Original Message-----
From: John Lambert <anurean@aim.com>
To: dan@uplayme.com <dan@uplayme.com>
Sent: Sun, Mar 21, 2021 4:15 pm
Subject: Hey...

I want a building that no longer exists within the same dimension, realm, plain of existence or perceptive reality as you.
It seems the building was torn down by a rudimentary device called a "Wrecking Ball".
This is a technology of "The Destroyer".
The destroyer is an enemy entity of a spiritual nature which does not naturally exist in the dimensions, realms, plains of existence, or perceptive realities of "The Creator".

This address: is on Lincoln Square.
It is my favoritest favorite favorite brothel and opium den.
What happened to it?
I was told it was torn down in the 1970s or so.


So...
I do have to state: that you are truly on and of a different planet.
You all do pass as what we would call "human"...
But many are offended by the word and insist that nobody is to be designated or called "human".

Such people: by my tradition, are to be designated as slaves, and we are sort of at war with them until they go milk a few cows and bring us cheese.






Is this building...
https://www.pinterest.com/pin/463378249155920399/

Still standing in your dimension?
Use the account at IBM to buy it.
I need a place to sleep. I need a private bathroom designed for one person at a time. I need to medicate. I need to sleep.


Use my account at IBM to buy the place in london that is here.
https://www.pinterest.com/anurean9755/owl/


Everything I have, has been stolen by the worst kind of monkey ass nigger white trash in Emporia Kansas and given to Corporate IBM to play with.

So lets start killing everyone at Corporate IBM as well as Emporia Kansas.



They have invested only in stupid modern niggerish bullshit.

Do remember....
That glass, that metal... are both considered to be demonic materials.


Use of this kind of screw, means you are no longer human christian or mankind. 
Use of this kind of screw: means you are using a tool of what are classically described as demons.
