Subject: Navajo Concerns: Richard Mullins (Corporate Attacks From & On Christian Churches)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xz0JOfl9luA



That should take care of things...
And that should sue the living snot out of North Rock Road....
and that should drill all the money back into Old Wichita.







To Central Christian Church


Yeah...
If my mother is truly dead...
And if she died in the church: then yeah I want all the ministers who spoke to her arrested and/or killed.

My mother was a psychotic nutcase and was drilled into insanity by her church which lost it's anchor to reality.


The church has illegally squatted all over North Rock Road.
The church has stolen stock in Richard Mullin's music.
The church: has robbed Navajo Nation. Richard Mullins left money to Navajo Nation in his will. 
The church: is still in debt like 40 million dollars or so for it's construction.
The church: needs to learn to pay off it's own debts to the banks.
The church: needs to remember that not everyone is a Christian.
Me? I am a raving homosexual who would consider renting the butthole of Pastor David Welsh.

David Welsh is a fake name. Such a fake man with such a fake name: that I probably don't want to catch his HIV, herpes, or whatever else he has. However there are condoms, and I could use a good hole to pop my pecker into. One good and stupid..... which does sound too much like that minister my mother was talking to.

Saint David: is the patron saint of Wales....

So he is a big fat blonde NOBODY with a fake Welsh name.
So he is being a big fat stupid anti-indigenous asshole. He truly is.

My mother: was told to stop showing so much indigenous pride.

Where is my mother?
I think you assholes killed her in church I do.
I think you laced her soda pop. I do.
You know what I think? I think you also have tried to hire D.J. Zellner to impersonate her.
D.J. Zellner is her lookalike cousin.

She doesn't look like my mom to me.
She looks like my mom to everyone who is Tuathan, or non-human.
The reason being: is because all humans of the same color will look the same in the eyes of the Tuatha De Dannon.

Tuatha De Dannon, are the children of the Goddess Danu.
I am a self worshiping Zionist.
I am a descendant of Serin, the second 1/2 sister of Jesus Christ, The Virgin Mary's fourth born.
That is how when and where: I am tribally of Juda. 


The children of the Goddess Danu: those are on my father's family side. 
The Goddess Danu: was a descendant of Lucinda Lucifer of Gaul. Lucida Lucifer of Gaul: was the descendant of Father Lucifer, who was moved to Gaul to protect the peace of Angleterre (also called heaven) Angleterre: in modern days, is the French word for any English Speaking Nation. 
 
So why do you hate me?
Oh: it's because I speak French.
Oh: it's because my garden grows contrary. 
Peonies and Poppies. Lilacs and Hyacinth. 

Cursed be your roses and dammed be your food supply.
All your income is Gambino counterfeit, no lie.

Stop being racist against demons. Otherwise: you are just white trash little Aryan Angels, and those black who are politically with such types, those get called "N"s quickly, they lose their humanity quickly, and those persons we can lawfully slavedrive in America.

Slavery Laws: only apply to the Human Tribe.


Where is Liam Hamilton?
Where is the king of Estonia?
Last I knew, he was in a Chicago Barrio. 
The boy is of man, mankind, angels, as well as humanity.


The boy is bred of blondes, and quite hated baby.
However he is also part Mohawk: a noted classified tribe of demon, a judgement passed by the church. 

So he is of Michael... and myself of Lucifer.... 

I wonder how he is doing, that little turd.
I want white carrot and turnip soup with him... as well as Estonian Grandma.
How is Mart Zander? You know, word to Liam Hamilton?


Let's go hack time and space and be rude ass bitches to the church. 
See if it works. Maybe we should reintroduce her to Sister Kettle. Sister, who made Kettle One Vodka.




Pastor Welsh....
That is just humanity. However he is speaking the language of Angels.  That does equate to man is a slave. So why are you listening to him preach honey?



Welsh....
Since you are so totally the goddamn mafia....
And since you are so totally NOT the mafia without the political support of a Zellner Heir.
Buy me a bunch of crap you don't approve of.




Seriously. Buy it and buy it for me now asstard. 
Too: you need to pay David Faustino to come pick me up and maybe have all kinds of wild kinky sodomous anal buttsex in random hotels all over I-5. 


You sort of DO need that big fat pistol pointed at all your parishioners to pay off your taxes and church debts. 
You sort of DO need Wichita police heavily armed. 
You sort of DO need that considering that my cousins are still sending people into the city to rob you all blind. 


See: there is gang/tribal warfare between cities.... Cheyenne and Wichita.
Wichita also has problems with Navajo... 
Which sort of means you now have problems with Hundersmarck.... 
She's Hopi or Pueblo or something from those parts.



We can seriously get all kinds of ghetto up in this bitch and call your church a racist hate group pretty goddamn quick just because you are no longer in the Zellner Clique. 




Arthur Finn....
I have a picture of him, wearing his piggy mask.
I have a picture of him, after a murder and a robery, him and Daphne sitting on Rue Dauphine
Mister Arthur Finn, we are just pimpin, hooking and hoing until there AINT no bullshit honkey Jesus from Wichita in our lives. 
