
-----Original Message-----
From: John Lambert <anurean@aim.com>
To: pberg72@hotmail.com <pberg72@hotmail.com>; paulalambert103@yahoo.com <paulalambert103@yahoo.com>; paulabergman10@hotmail.com <paulabergman10@hotmail.com>; paulabergman10@yahoo.com <paulabergman10@yahoo.com>; indigbaby@gmail.com <indigbaby@gmail.com>
Sent: Sun, Feb 28, 2021 12:09 am
Subject: Fwd: Moolah Galore Fwd:


Subject: Fwd: Moolah Galore Fwd:

Who knows how to set up a digital wallet with a network key?
I need resource....
and I need things bought on Amazon....
and I need moolah on PayPal.


You know, to buy things and to sit and be nice.
I understand I will need a cellular phone or iPod Touch.

Human Resources: produces a food-stamp card, which is typically my paycheck to be civil, to be nice, and to not habitually eat humans.
I no longer get a human resource account.
Without resource: I have to sit down and make myself pretty and cute and kissy-poo so I can mimic the behavior of those who are well behaved.
Too: I sort of have England psychotically snapping.





Sent: Sat, Feb 27, 2021 11:42 pm
Subject: Inquiry

Hello Ethereum,
My name is J.C. Lambert aka Anurean.
Recently, a few years ago: I made a bar-square that purchased shares of Ethereum Stock.
Upon click....
Hundreds of shares of Ethereum was purchased per investigative click.
There was a huge account created in my screen name as well as my real name.
With one investigation of the square: persons where bankrupted.
Both friends and foes.
You know, officers, as well as friends and family.
That might be... why my sister hates the living shit out of me these days.
I make her look like a stupid underachiever, this while not changing my clothes, smelling like cum, piss, and ass.

Too: I make her look moreso retarded while she and her daughter are in debt to my ass.


When they lost their cellphone contracts, they passed the square around throughout society, all the way into Canada.



The image of the bar-square, was saved through a screen shot.
The bar-square was printed out at the library and posted around town.

Police: where playing with new technologies as where family back home.
You know, the investigate button on the iPhone.

Most of them, thought my website would pop up or something.
Instead it charged their account like thousands of dollars on their cellphone bills.
This bankrupted various facets of Portland Oregon Government.
I am currently in Vancouver Washington, USA.

I still have my account keys saved.


I was kidnapped, held hostage in downtown Portland for years almost a decade or so, I am still in the area.





