Dr. Berka,
Hello...
My name is John Lambert.
I am an online fallower of various differant podcasts and works of Gina Trapani, the same sex partner of Dean Tera F. Bailey of UCSD.
 
 
I have found a script indicitive that Gina is sort of hacking into banking systems arround my QR code that buys gift stock of Ethereum.
https://github.com/ginatrapani
 
There is or was a script in there that directed an auto click or something to numbers associated with my personal Ether.
 
I truly appreciate it.
However... scripted purchases: would come too heavily of a cost at whomever is providing the internet or cellphone usage.
Too: fraud charges could apply. She seemed to be reverse engineering code or something. Which: I kind of would deserve that considering I am starting to reverse engineer her society she loves. By reverse engineering her society which she loves: I regain my creature comforts and everything happy.
 
 
See: we are polar opposites. 
She even likes dogs and puppies.
I am a profound feline person. I even kept felines as a 4-H project.
The City of Olpe: is the home of my old live stock. They are typically an oversized fat tabby about 20-40 pounds. They can however take on any coloration pattern. Usually they are Orange, Calico, or Tuxedo. 
They are a solar and nuclear mutant that has doubled in size every decade.
 
They by all means should be designated as their own breed and/or species.
I happen to like calling them Olpe Cats as the name "Olpe" means Valley in Afrikaans: and they came from Mountain Stock in Colorado. They are noted not only by their size: but also by the width and length of their tails, which are typically longer than other cats when compared to the size of their torsos.
 
 
Also: those kitties are not only psychic, but they are able to happily eat 5 pounds of meat daily: each. 
Frequently: those lose are found outside of the butcher shop at 4 AM.
 
I do not have the account flowing into a resource account or anything...
But if millions of shares are being sold and hitting the accounts of Anurean or JCLambert: then there is an issue.
 
 
These are two such codes....
These two are new....
 
 
 
However she was given one that buys automatically 2000 shares at the same time, thus bankrupting the cellphone owner as a share costs like a thou. So one investigative square click: would automatically purchase a gift of 2,000,000$ worth of stock, raise an eyebrow, and then cause a big fat investigation.
 
 
This was designed: to draw attention to the case while everyone was ignoring my spamlisted and corporate blocked emails.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Like I seriously appreciate the guesture....
I do.
I am kidnapped from Chicago, I was held hostage... and made it thinking I could bankrupt the resources of the people who stalk me the most and who have been at corporate war with the Zellner Estate in Wyoming for the longest time.
 
I am still on the West Coastline.
I do have a DL on file in California...
I do.
However I am currently in Vancouver Washington, USA.
 
 
 
 
 
Dr Berka...
Do you have a bottle of Risperdal sitting arround handy?
Are you able to prescribe me from a distance? Probably not. Our whole government system is on Hiatus and everyone is spending Gambino and there are Marijuana Stores open again. 
 
I need a ride out of Vancouver at the moment and need to open a resource account.
 
I make referance to Dr. Singh in Oklahoma Mental in Purcell Oklahoma, as well as Dr Kumar in Wichita (Comcare)
Both will tell you I am a nutcase.
 
 
 
If you have a problem selling backstock of risperdal/risperdone or paliperidone....
You know due to politics and boycotting of animal and human byproduct medications....
 
https://www.google.com/search?ei=DXQ-YOHWA5fv-gTmo6OIAg&q=risperdal&oq=risperdal&gs_lcp=Cgdnd3Mtd2l6EAMyAggAMggIABCxAxCDATIFCAAQsQMyAggAMgIIADICCAAyAggAMgIIADICCAAyAggAOgUIABCRAjoECAAQQzoOCC4QsQMQgwEQxwEQowI6CggAELEDEIMBEEM6CwguELEDEMcBEKMCOgUILhCxAzoQCC4QsQMQgwEQxwEQrwEQQzoICC4QxwEQrwE6CgguEMcBEK8BEEM6DgguELEDEIMBEMcBEK8BOgQIABAKOgoILhDHARCjAhAKOgQILhAKOgoILhDHARCvARAKOgoILhCxAxCDARBDOgIILjoHCAAQsQMQQzoLCC4QsQMQxwEQrwE6BwgAELEDEAo6CggAELEDEIMBEApQgpQ0WN-rNGDusTRoBHACeACAAakBiAGaCZIBBDEyLjKYAQCgAQGqAQdnd3Mtd2l6wAEB&sclient=gws-wiz&ved=0ahUKEwihkbGyj5LvAhWXt54KHebRCCEQ4dUDCA0&uact=5
 
 
 
If you have excess on hand....
 
Please let me know.
I could use a master bottle a ride to the mountains where I can curl up and get away from all the canines and other persons that have invaded my personal space. 
 
 
 
Donation QR Code

Your QR Code
